warlock vs ranger
TURN 1 : warlock
warlock attacks ranger
ranger's health   :   2.6
warlock's health  :   10.0

warlock vs shooter
TURN 2 : warlock
warlock attacks shooter
shooter's health   :   0.4
warlock's health  :   10.0

shooter vs ranger
TURN 3 : shooter
shooter attacks ranger
ranger died
shooter's health  :   0.4

squire vs shooter
TURN 4 : squire
squire attacks shooter
shooter died
squire's health  :   7.0

squire vs medic
TURN 5 : squire
squire attacks medic
medic's health   :   7.8
squire's health  :   7.0

dragon vs soother
TURN 6 : dragon
dragon attacks soother
soother's health   :   4.3
dragon's health  :   15.0

dragon vs medic
TURN 7 : dragon
dragon attacks medic
medic's health   :   3.1
dragon's health  :   15.0

medic vs soother
TURN 8 : medic
medic attacks soother
soother's health   :   4.3
medic's health  :   3.1

soother vs medic
TURN 9 : soother
soother attacks medic
medic's health   :   4.4
soother's health  :   4.3

warlock vs soother
TURN 10 : warlock
warlock attacks soother
soother died
warlock's health  :   10.0

warlock vs medic
TURN 11 : warlock
warlock attacks medic
medic died
warlock's health  :   10.0

squire vs warlock
TURN 12 : squire
squire attacks warlock
warlock's health   :   6.9
squire's health  :   7.0

squire vs warlock
TURN 13 : squire
squire attacks warlock
warlock's health   :   6.9
squire's health  :   7.0

dragon vs warlock
TURN 14 : dragon
dragon attacks warlock
warlock's health   :   2.3
dragon's health  :   15.0

dragon vs warlock
TURN 15 : dragon
dragon attacks warlock
warlock's health   :   2.3
dragon's health  :   15.0

warlock vs warlock
TURN 16 : warlock
warlock attacks warlock
warlock died
warlock's health  :   2.3

squire vs warlock
TURN 17 : squire
squire attacks warlock
warlock died
squire's health  :   7.0

squire vs squire
TURN 18 : squire
squire attacks squire
squire's health   :   4.1
squire's health  :   7.0

dragon vs squire
TURN 19 : dragon
dragon attacks squire
squire's health   :   2.6
dragon's health  :   15.0

dragon vs squire
TURN 20 : dragon
dragon attacks squire
squire died
dragon's health  :   15.0

DRAW
current        XP : 0           Gold Coins: 20
GeraltoRivia   XP : 32          Gold Coins: 215
